Hello dear friends with you panda
fx my blue is good news
and the good news is that
I got this kind of thing
playstation 4
and I have not bought it gave me made
this is my one familiar stepan for what he
just unreal thanks unfortunately not
I can personally thank him personally
because he lives in another city but I
I think dude us there still necessarily
meet and the first time I thought that
I troll how to write to give
the console there is all that I thought it was
some joke but no stitching
really turned out to be very kind and
a generous man after all give a console
absolutely stranger but in
principle not familiar because we personally
not familiar this is just super generosity in
general now let's talk a little about
I took the console yaponochku because
as far as I know the Japanese version is more
well, as they say
anger maybe me fucked and took her over
19000 took a payment card for 2 500 like
yes and no matter how strange it may sound
still
fifa 14 fifa 14 x gene is the only one
mountain for which I took this console
because watch dogs hyatt fucks a
Any kill zone and I'm not interested
What else can I actually say
on this gamepad and and it is not very comfortable
but I think I'll get used to it or
wait for some analog from x-box 360
buy a joystick included here
all sorts of headset cords are very very very
small and
I have a pan said that she is well over
less adequate audible normal
we'll see today
Actually all adnan boxing I'm straight
I will not do much because who
wants he will find there a billion pieces on
youtube and actually pastor today
make a stream on this thing if not
will you excuse axis will
the table is generally great because they
for how it all works like everything
connect now I will do all this
because I am looking for myself not even included from
houses
actually thank you all again
great stepan and if not this is me
would really suck all my life on bye
soon wait sometime gene
the channel itself was panda fxd